Create a Tempo Bundle (#1)
canonical/tempo-bundle: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Overview

This documents explains the processes and practices recommended for
contributing enhancements to the Tempo bundle.

- Generally, before developing enhancements to this charm, you should consider
  [opening an issue](https://github.com/canonical/tempo-bundle) explaining
  your use case.
- If you would like to chat with us about your use cases or proposed
  implementation, you can reach us on the
  [Charmhub Mattermost](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)
  or [Discourse](https://discourse.charmhub.io/).
- All enhancements require review before being merged.
  Apart from code quality and test coverage, the review will also take into
  account the Juju administrator user experience using the bundle.

## Development

> There are two charms used for development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle is comprised of two charms:
```

> - tempo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [tempo-coordinator-k8s](https://github.com/canonical/tempo-coordinator-k8s-operator/)
- [tempo-worker-k8s](https://github.com/canonical/tempo-worker-k8s-operator/)
```

> - s3proxy

Reviewer 2: `s3proxy` -> `s3-integrator`

> - s3proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [s3-integrator](https://github.com/canonical/s3-integrator)
```

### Deploy with local charms

To deploy the bundle using only/some local charms you need to render the

> [`bundle.yaml.j2`](bundle.yaml.j2) template and then deploy the rendered bundle

Reviewer: mmm this is not correct, is it? By default the bundle points to charmhub charms so it will deploy tempo from stable/edge...? IIRC you need to go and change the charm name in the rendered bundle to point it to a local path for this to work.

as usual.

#### Render template using the rendering script
You can render and deploy a production bundle using:

```shell
# generate and activate a virtual environment with dependencies
tox -e integration --notest
source .tox/integration/bin/activate

./render_bundle.py bundle.yaml
juju deploy ./bundle.yaml
```

> Now `juju switch` into the newly created model (or use `--model=MODEL` in

Reviewer: tox -e integration --notest will not create any model.

 ```suggestion
Now `juju add-model foo` and deploy the bundle with `juju deploy ./bundle.yaml`
```

do we need `--trust` too perhaps?

Reviewer: also add a link to a minio deployment guide as @mmkay suggested

addition to `--keep-models` to use an existing model).

> For more details, see the Testing section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Testing
Integration tests render the
[`bundle-testing.yaml.j2`](tests/integration/bundle-testing.yaml.j2) template
with the charm names/paths to use for the integration tests.
By default, all charms are deployed from charmhub. Alternatively, you can pass
local paths (or alternative charm names) as
[command line arguments](tests/integration/conftest.py) to pytest.

For a pure bundle test, no arguments should be provided. This way, the bundle
yaml is rendered with default values (all charms deployed from charmhub).

```shell
tox -e integration
```

You can also specify the channel:

```shell
tox -e integration -- --channel=edge
```

> To keep the model and applications running after the tests completes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep the model and applications running after the test suite has exited:
```
